A high at a time May Influence confer a considerable benefit, BUT very humble means, systematically exerted, Even During a comparatively short season, will highlight Certainly a load of misery.

In a small village Towards the west of England, There dwelt, Some years ago, two maiden gentlewomen, sisters, the Daughters of the deceased rector of the parish. Their father early in life HAD Entered upon His Duties in this retired locality, contentedlyUna important influence can both a considerable advantage, but it means very humble, exercised routinely, even during a relatively short season, no doubt ease the burden of misery.

In a small town west of England, lived a few years ago, two maiden ladies, sisters, daughters of deceased rector of the parish. His father had early in life entered office in this town retired, satisfied to stay there where fate had placed each year that passes increases his interest in the position that absorbed all his energies. His stipend moderate, with the assistance of a small private fortune, quiet enough for your taste, and for the few charities required by his flock, but also allowed the family back a respectable and commendable for the start of in their own work.

There was no railroad near this town - even the Queen's Highway was at some distance. The fields, meadows, one lane of the shade, a stream, and the Welsh mountains for a background, formed the image of beauty that attracts the stranger. There was hardly what might be called a street. The houses are clustered on the side of the wooded bank on the flow, wrapped in the garden of apple trees, but there was no room near the foot of the hill-sized green handsome enough, with a banana in central and some small shops along one side. There Abiding WHERE HAD fate Placed him, Each passing year historical Increasing Interest in the charge Which engross All His energies. His moderate stipend, assisted by a small private fortune, sufficed for quiet historical tastes, and for The Few charities required by His flock; Also it enabled him to rear a large family respectably, and to start working them creditably on Their Way.

There Was not this railway near village - Even Was the Queen's highway at Some distance. Fields, meadows, a shady lane, a brook, and the Welsh mountains for a background, form the picture of beauty That Attract the stranger. There Was Hardly What Could Be Called a street. Were The cottages clustered upon the side of the Wood bank above the stream, Shrouded in gardens of apple-trees, But There Was space near the foot of the green hill for a size of Rather handsome, with a plane-tree in middle of the it, and A Few Small Shops Along one side.
