"That would never happen, no."

William pasted a phony grin on his face and tried to make his voice sound sweet. "We're just goofing around, having a good time. Would you like it if you were having fun and one of us came and butted in on you, bumped into you, yanked you around and knocked you down? I don't think you'd like it one bit. So please do us the courtesy and leave us alone."

"Well excuse me," said Henry, sounding very much like Jim Carrey, "for having only air between my ears today. Come to think of it, I hear my old man calling me. Adios."  And Henry Green took off running for home.

"Well thank goodness," said William. 

"Now, didn't I just finish saying that you catch more flies with honey than vinegar?" said Willam's Ma, when Henry was out of earshot. 
"If you get mad at folks who bug you, and yell and cuss at them like you want to do, they just get mad back, and become a darn sight more annoying. They act like the devil. But when we bite our tongue and speak with some tact, you give them a moment to calm down. Then they have a chance to think twice about what they're saying and doing. You saw how Henry reacted to the way you behaved, William? Remember what happened. Remember, that, as the Good Book says, a kind word turns away wrath."

Now here is a story about those fishing birds, the Herons, and the little fish they chase after, the Herrings:

Once upon a time, and I have no idea why, one of those big, tall, skinny, fishing birds, a heron, 
went to pay a visit to a bunch of fish. Sounds fishy, does it? Well, it gets better. These fish were his cousins. anyway, this bird brought them a beak full of messages, so many they weighed him down and he could barely get off the ground. He had a good heart though, and he wished only the best for these little fish.

"I'm not going to try to eat any of you little fellas, so calm down," said the Heron. The fish were still suspicious, but as it turned out the messages were from the Government, who wanted to convert the fish. And that was the only reason he had to drop by.
