The man himself can repent wholeheartedly as per his own decision. He can renew himself with a new heart and a new spirit. This is his gateway to change a new. Suppose if a man gets some kind of wrong belief through a misunderstanding of bible fats, then he will never have a chance to lead his life with better understanding of those same facts. 

Perhaps, if he feels something wrong impression that science and the Bible are in conflict, then certainly there is no way to get him out of such wrong impression.  So it is important that every ministry has to be well packed with well qualified scientist. Many unbelievers who are not thoroughly investigated, are over stating that the Bible is entirely against and different from science.  They are actually considered as unknown persons about the bible and science.  Most of people are categorized in this class only.  They are men like apes, they will be leaders, and they will be living their own influence only.  
Many of them will try exhibit themselves as they are well known of each and everything as Strauss and they will not like to exhibit themselves as they are actually even if they are unknown about everything. If they want to have such a mind, they will do their thinking as the highest of their ambition.  There are more chances possible to deal with heart diseases.  They will be as interested in the glory of names of such men as Strauss.   They will be far from real truths about anything and especially from the facts of the Bible.  He was so far away and so they are far from learning the real fact that he was divorced from his wife, the former actress, Agnese Schebest.  
He was spending his days by going here and there and from one place to another place aimlessly.  His special work called pseudo-theology or mythology had ended with a serious theatrical comedy and finally it has become ended with a serious tragedy. "In 1839 this famous personality called Dr. Strauss-- had been resolved the gospel history of salvation into a disjointed and self-contradictory mythological poem.  Besides he had been neglected the existence of a personal God and the immortality of the soul.  Then he was duly elected as a professor of Christian dogma tics and ethics in the University of Zurich.  This selection had been occurred by the party first and then in power, which was entirely consisted with demagogues and frivolous infidels."
