In 1825, he started to do re-examination carefully on the numerous nebulae and starry-clusters.  Actually they had been first discovered by his father. He had been written about them in his “Philosophical Transactions”. In this work, he had been clearly narrated about their positions and facts by his sincere investigations in so many aspects.  Regarding such investigations and to this magnum opus, he totally dedicated himself for more than eight years and finally he completed in 1832.  Then he contributed this catalogue in the name of “Philosophical Transactions” and it was also comprised with information about 2306 nebulae and star-cluster.  Out of 2306 nebulae and star-cluster, nearly 525 were successfully discovered by him only. When he was doing this difficult effort, nearly three to four thousand double star had been discovered by Mr. Herschel and they all had been described in his work called “the Memoirs of the Astronomical Society”.  All these excellent observations were made with the help of   Newtonian telescope.  This telescope is twenty feet in its focal length and eighteen and half inches in its orifice.  It was very capable to him to use for his own expression and resulted as “a sufficient mastery over the instrument”.  By making use of this masterpiece, he also aimed for a survey of the southern heavens. According to his decision, he came at Cape Town on the 16th of January 1834 from England on the 13th of November 1833 and after his research for five days, he wrote something as follows:
Here now we are safely arrived and comfortably settled in a well built house at the far end of Africa. Here we are more comfortable in storing all of our telescopes and all other essential things and also we are in secured landing.   We are capable to look into everything even without any kind of slight injury.  Actually I did not waste my time in attaining my success and in reporting the same to you. Here my M………. and children are quiet OK.  Thanks God. But as a matter of fact, she is not doing normal and she has some kind of fear even as a good sailor. She is at present incessantly suffering from sea sick especially she was in the same condition and sickness during her journey through the whole passage. Totally we were traveling at sea nearly for nine weeks and two days. During that period, for only one day, we had been forced to face contrary wind.
