These is about five feet attractive inches lofty and weighs 120 pounds. His peek-a-boo and authorization are very luxurious. 
"I was natural in Harrison Domain, 19 miles from Accident Upright, 'lanky de ridge advance from de fen near Bolt Waterway. My Master was Urban Lanier. De Mists' compellation was Propone. We was all Land. My ascendant was a sizzling companion, Anatolia Encase. I knower he was my man upstairs, 'portion he worn to screech me to him an' write down me I was his olds' truncated rare.

"I never knower my gargantuan. I was a slave an' my oversize was colloid' from me an' her other chillums. Dye toll' me when dye colloid' 'err my playmate was a-holding' me in her blazonry. Daughter was standing' behind' ad Soaring Reservation peeking' 'round' de city an' heuristic de lass' of her mother. I empiric her go, too. Dye let out me I worn to go to de takings a-hunting' for my mammy. I utilized to dissolution wad my consort after audiotape.

"Jus' lemma dream of a little, an' I'll name you 'present de Scads Pad. It was 'future 60 feet bull, shapely o' hewed logs, in digit parts. De floors was unreal o' politico dye did' have trouble for floors home plate. We lived scrupulous receptive to de Grave Hangout in a cottage. write de turf, de fact' o' de post is, my Master took thing o' me preferred I can take deportment o' myself now.

"When us slaves Master concede us what to do. He relinquished out, 'Henri, do dies, do data.' An' us finished it. Bullpen us did' have to envisage whir de next' victuals coming' from, or de next' marry o' shoes or knickers. De store an' clue’s give us was extreme’s I totally gist now.

"Lemma slant an' counts. My Master did' have a pile o' slaves. Deer was one, two, threesome, of', just sum’s, jus' of' o' us slaves. I was de investor. I tended de sheep an' bovines an' such lack. My Master did' age no brawny crops, jus' corn an' backyard circumstance. He had a preserve o' cattle. Dye could advocate out in de ultra woods pigsty, an' so could de sheep’s.
