Voltaire, not being a professional writer of the history of war, saw and described this type of writing in a non-military way.  His writing was unique, with flair and vibrancy.  During the lifetime of Voltaire's writing, the French people had, for the most part, been experiencing repeated losses.  They lost the chance to become a European powerhouse during the War of the Succession, and they lost almost all their colonies during the Seven Years' War.  They did have a few shining moments:  Fontenoy, of course, and perhaps Laffelt, but these were few and far between. 

Most military writers of that time period referred to war as a ploy used by royalty, with the poor people as pawns, or a power play by the church leaders.  Those writers maintained that if only certain beliefs were gotten rid of, or if only trustworthy, honest people ruled, then there would be world peace, or at least peace for the French.  These writers planned to attack the ruling ministers and replace them with those of a more philosophical bent, wending their way into power through the mistresses of the most powerful men.  They believed that philosophers' influence would create a better world, and hailed Peter the Great and Catharine of Russia as examples of how a country could prosper when philosophers had their rightful place in court.  

No one imagined that the powerful English could be brought to justice; however, the witty Voltaire was so adept at bringing a particular theme to the forefront of people's thoughts that it is due to his influence that Marlborough has become a household name.

It will come as no surprise that Marlborough really didn't want the fame that came to him, and that those who wrote about his life and deeds bungled it in many cases.  Some of them lauded him blindly, without an unbiased look at who he really was, and others were unable to write without boring their readers, while still other biographers were simply poor writers, without a lick of intelligence to their names.
