And, of course, the obverse is true, for while no one likes to be placed into situations that may compromise their honor or dignity, it is far easier for a woman to transcend such an assault than it is for a man.  Men, after all, are not nearly as quick in thought as are women, though they may think in a more straightforward fashion than do the supposedly weaker sex.  
	On one occasion as I was traveling aboard the transport that would take me home from France, I had opportunity to be seated at the captain’s table.  An army chaplain was seated at table with us, and I knew it was customary for such men to say grace before the meat course.  Rather thoughtlessly, I should admit, I placed my hand on the knee of what I thought was a young male member of my family who happened to be seated next to me. Keeping my hand there, I made ready for a squeeze to admonish silence, but the chaplain did not say grace, and I suddenly realized that the man I thought I knew as a relative was a complete and utter stranger to me.  A sense of utter embarrassment and uneasiness assailed me, for I knew in my soul that no matter how impeccable my subsequent conduct toward this gentleman might prove to be, I would never totally convince him I was absolutely free of guile or design.  
	But we are, after all, discussing men, are we not?  Which of course leads to the question of whether there are really true men at all amongst us.  For my part, I have come to believe that there are no men; there are only boys.  And boys they remain from the cradle to the grave.  No matter how much they may grow, mature and even fade with time, the difference is mere camouflage, for they are always boys.  Your “man” may develop tidier habits and be more circumspect with age, but boyhood itself never ends.  The table may need fixing, the shoe bills may get out of hand, the dentist has to be paid.  These and other concerns may force him to don a mask of maturity and respectability, but his woman knows him for what he really is – a boy who, though he may have reached the age of three score and ten, still believes in the Easter Bunny, or the tooth fairy or Santa Claus, and who may still want to get up on the morning of the 4th of July to throw firecrackers through his neighbor’s open window.
