Some who were not highly skilled were separated and relegated to civil service. This meant that they were entirely at the mercy of the Emperor. These aliens, from subjugated countries, and numbering 2,400, were sent out to various institutions. They were constantly reminded about the greatness and nobility of Napoleon in order to convert them into servile Frenchmen. They were made to feel that they were the ‘guests’ of the Emperor, when in fact they were held as hostages to make sure that their parents bent to the dictates of Napoleon and did not cause any trouble. This strategy did produce great results, proving that all the expense of maintaining such a large number foreigners was not wasteful. These people were prodigiously productive and within the brief period of the reign of Napoleon, they achieved much that made the people of France happy and contented. Privately educated young people turned out to be no match to those who attended government run schools. It does not need any great foresight to predict that the success of the government schools and educational institution would spell the doom of expensive private education and religious seminaries. Over a period of time, these private organizations became part of the government schools or lyceums. Educational institutions were started all over the country to meet the educational needs of the society.  These institutions cost only a fraction of what private education or seminaries did. It is not surprising, therefore, that parents began to prefer lyceums to seminaries to educate their children. Naturally, government spent a huge amount to provide quality education at low cost. The general public, as always, was willing to be taxed indirectly, though they would vigorously object to direct or heavy taxation. Politicians, irrespective of their political leanings never fail to make use of this strategy to attract people to support the party in power.

The imperial court was at the height of its pomp and grandeur during the summer and fall of 1807.
