He then carefully caressed my hand and started to examine it very attentively. He counted my all fingers and he enclosed pleasantly his hand into my hand.  Finally after examination for sometime, he carefully accepted something by shaking his head slowly up and down and started to inquire me by some questions like who are you?  What are you doing here? How did you come here? I told him by tracing the impression of a ship on the sand, by asking some enquires by making use my known Arabic words, and through some gestures, I came here. By replying so, I made him to understand somewhat clearly.  

Due to his understanding he accepted me to provide his assistance to conduct to the place appointed for us.     Moreover, I also informed him, that I am ready to help him enormously and also abundantly I would like to help him for his struggling troubles. From my point of such arguments and hopeful statement, he had clearly understood what I said in fact and he has become very positively clear in his mind about all of my saying. Then he immediately attached and twisted all his fingers with my fingers with intimacy and he tried to exhibit his close hearty relationship and unity with myself from that minute. Also he showed his whole hearted acceptance and effects for my all statements to him. 

As per my symptomatic love and care on him, I presented him two most beautiful watches and out of them one was a repeater.  Besides I presented him their chains,   a gold buckle for the neck cloth, two pair of silver buckles, a ring set with diamonds, a goblet and silver cover, and the sum of two hundred and twenty levers in specie. But at the same time, I could very well guess that if the jewels were accepted by him whole heatedly, then the silver was much more so. He kept all of such jewels with great care secretly with his shirt pocket.  He was wearing the blue color shirt and also he promised me that he would not forget me and abandon me ever.  The precaution measures which I had taken to save all these jewels, for the purpose of the  hope of gaining, by their all ways, for the good will of any person into whose hands I should fall and took care, consequently proved a cause of very great regret to me. As soon as my Arab had secured his booty, he inquired me about what are all coast we had been shipwrecked. I explained all of them very clearly to him and he immediately called upon some of his people who are most willing to follow him sincerely. .
