Totally twenty three battles wit his guns have created an extra ordinary record in Cuba. Once he was captured by his opponent and after trial he was sentenced to death, he has been suddenly escaped from his punishment brilliantly. Then after sometimes, steel tipped Mauser bullet had been injured his lungs severely.  After healing so such injury, he was continuously suffered from fever and he had been compelled to go back United States. Even though he was planned to go to Cuba, the Maine was blown up and he had been forced to wait for his war with Spain for sometime.  Governor Leedy of Kansas made a mail to him and then he was appointed as a Colonel of the twentieth Kansas.  Then he went with General Miles to Cuba in June 1898 and he had been sailed with his total battle force for Manila in October 1898.   But three years before he started to Manila in October, Colonel Funston met Miss. Ella Blankhart of Oakland.  Due to his over love with her as his anxiety on war, he encouraged his love and he got married before the day to sail.  
On behalf of his daring risks and achievements in the Philippines and due to his capture of Aguinaldo, the general publics have become so familiar with him.  So he had not been compelled people to surrender.  As a brave and a fighting man, he was well qualified for his bravery deeds and he was also pure and simple in all aspects. There are two opinions which were on his personality. First one is according to General Harrison. G. Otis, “Funston is the greatest daredevil and very brave in the army and he will always like to fight than eat. There is no one person I saw in this world who enjoyed fighting in the army so much. According to the opinion of his another friend, he was a sixteenth century hero and born four hundred years or so too late.  In his service he had been ever seeking to remedy the chronological error of his birth. Golden Gate Park was the Mecca of the poverty.  There the immense playground of the municipality has become and changed as a vast mushroom city and they resembled as the fleeting towns located on the border of a government reservation about to be opened to public settlement. A week before kitchen utensils has been considered as cheapest things against their high value.
