Nonetheless, what you achieve and the way in which you achieve it are bordering on dishonest, and are looked upon by others as such. There is no doubt that this is caused by your youth, lack of planning and also to some extent a lack of following through with a plan. All related to being young and inexperienced.

"You are very aware of things around you and are drawn to things for their aesthetics and intricacy, but you let your affect be bruised on contact with anything rough, unrefined or objectionable. This follows onto an inability to rub shoulders with the coarser, underbelly of society. There is no doubt that these types often inadvertently cut you to the quick, but it would be better for you if you learned how to just accept others for who they are. Stop getting into the rut of judging them and imagining that they are judging you. Most criticism is not meant personally and it should be received as comment on the performance and not on the performer.

"Your business sense and your value of things commercial are not the best. I think there are many reasons for this, but mainly you do not take in the complexities of the financial world, seem reluctant to evaluate things in comparison with each other and, indeed, have little knowledge of the absolute values of things. Accordingly, it must be conjectured that you are not now nor ever will be interested in the business world. If your needs were supplied and you had a career which took up your attention money would hold no interest for you. It would be to your own advantage to give some due to the place of financial considerations in everyone's lives. That being said, I am not advocating in any way that you should develope this personally as a career. However, we cannot all be bank managers.

"At this stage I think that you should focus on learning from things done on a day to day basis. I did mention above your impulsiveness. It would be better if you slowed down, developed a plan, put it into action and then followed it through thoroughly; and then lastly, made observations about the whole scenario with appropiate notes and recommendations for the future.
