When you are acting as n honorable man, you have to carefully think about what an unfortunate combination of circumstances.  During my chance, I was not enough satisfied to go to Soden as an excursion.  Since Frau Lenore had not said anything about the sort on the day of the excursion, now she is just trying to convince that she had foreseen “all” even then.  Moreover, she conveyed that she has come to you as you are an honorable man, as a friend and I came only because of I have seen you just five days ago as a first time.  But he is well aware that she is a widow, a lonely woman……..my daughter………

Due to her pleasant talk, Frau Lenore had an ocean of tears on his eyes and voice. Then he repeated as he was completely unknown about what to think “your daughter”.

 Due to the sad feeling of Mr. Frau Lenore and his tears soaked handkerchief, my daughter “Gemma” almost got upset with broken heart.  Then she informed me that she is not going to marry Herr Klueber and also requested me to refuse the same also.
 Due to such unexpected decision conveyed by Gemma, Sanin positively received a kind of shock and started back a little. 

She replied calmly, I won’t say anything now.  By the disgrace, Frau Lenore went out and he thought of its being something strange of in the world for a girl to break up with her betrothal.  But Herr Dimitri thought that this is a negative result for them.  Frau Lenore slowly and carefully folded up her handkerchief in a small piece of ball and she completely packed all her grief within it. Since Herr Klueber is very rich and will be very richer definitely, Herr Dimitri said that they are not ready to live without takings of their shop.  Then what was the reason to be refused for?   The reason is he was not defending his betrothal. If he decides to allow this thing, it will not be very handsome on his own part. As he is a civilian, as he is not well educated with any university education and as he is a strong business man, he feels degrade to meet some unknown little officers even for playful tricky purposes. And what sort of insult was it, after all, Herr Dimitri?' 
Excuse me, Frau Lenore; you seem to be blaming me.' 
'I am not blaming you in the least, not in the least!
