Mr. J. R. Kincaid of Blue Ridge gave me the two reports.

"Mahala Jewel:  Former Slave, 76 Years Old"

This interviewer recently visited Mahala Jewel at her home.  Ms. Jewel sat on her little porch and greeted her guest. 

"Welcome!" she said, rocking hard on her old, creaky chair.  "Call me Aunt Hailie!"

Aunt Hailie leaned back and watched the interviewer sit down by her.  "Boy, my feet are cold," she said.  "All last night I couldn't get them warm.  I walked over to the courthouse this morning to pick up some cabbage from the welfare folks and my toes are still cold!"  

Aunt Hailie smiled wryly.  "It's not easy being old, honey," she said.  "When I was growing up, there was plenty of food.  My former master and mistress were well to do, and they made sure we all had lots to eat.  They didn't ignore  the old folks, either.  If they were here now, they'd be taking care of me, that's for sure."

The interviewer then noticed that Aunt Hailie's rocking chair was so dilapitated it seemed close to breaking apart.  One leg was already cracked, and Aunt Hailie herself was sitting on an old cheese box in order to raise her seat up to a respectable height.

"I'll be right back," she said suddenly.  "I've got to check on my cabbage." She was gone just a moment, and carefully squared her cheese box away before sitting down again.  She stuck her feet in the sunshine streaming onto the porch floorboards and continued talking.

"My mother was Gracie Wright until she married my father, Mr. Tuggle. They both were owned by Mr. Hamp McWhorter, who had a large plantation in Oglethorpe County.  Mr. McWhorter's land made him quite wealthy, and he grew  a variety of vegetables, including peas, potatoes, onions, collard greens, cabbages, turnips, beans, pumpkins, and even corn, wheat and rye.  I'm telling you, there was a heap of food available!  And in addition to all those vegetables, he raised cows, pigs, sheep and goats.  And Liza McWhorter, his wife, kept chickens, more than she needed."
