O my Lords, I would like state my sentiments on this formal and serious subject. In fact it had been created some kind of thoughts in my mind.  Now I am unable to curtail anything from such tendencies which have compelled me to improve them.  These are all based on my unreserved communication of my sentiments.  
In the first part of this statement, first I would like to honor of heartily concurring with the noble Earl who moved it. There is no person will joy sincerely as I enjoy them. No one can be ready to present more genuine congratulations regarding the birth of another princess and its happy recovery of her majesty.
Here I would like to cease my speech your honor. I no need to carry my lawful complaisance. I no need to congratulate on misfortune and disgrace. I am not ready to agree with a blind and servile speech always.  Such speech will try to will approve to bless the horrible measures which will be loaded so much dishonor and misfortune wrongly over us. My Lords, this is actually a dangerous and mountainous moment and we have to mind that this is not a time for adoration. The reason is, a pleasant tantalization or cheating activities should not be availed at any cost. We will be helpless to save us in this rugged and dreadful crisis. Now we have to importantly instruct the Throne in the language of truth.  We have to clarify the illusion and the darkness covered here and we have to also reveal about is factual hassles and originality with its natural outcomes those causing to destroy our gateways.  
O my Lords, this is our sincere duty which we have to do without fail.   Through this kind of proper function to our noble assembly, we have to sit together with our honors in this House, the hereditary council of the crown. We have to confirm and give our valuable suggestions that who is the minister and where is the minister to the throne the contrary and we have to clarify unconstitutional language this day delivered from it. This type of our accustomed language from the Throne will be an application to Parliament for advice.  Moreover, such advice has to be more reliable on its constitutional advice and assistance also.
